My chances of being PM are about as good as the chances of finding Elvis on Mars, or my being reincarnated as an olive.
It is possible to have a pretty good life and career being a leech and a parasite in the media world, gadding about from TV studio to TV studio, writing inconsequential pieces and having a good time. But in the end you have a great sense of personal dissatisfaction.
There's an idea that London is a planet on its own: that it's starting to diverge from the rest of the solar system. We need to combat that.
I want to win and I want to be in office.
There is absolutely no one, apart from yourself, who can prevent you, in the middle of the night, from sneaking down to tidy up the edges of that hunk of cheese at the back of the fridge.
I am supporting David Cameron purely out of cynical self-interest.
It just happens I write fast and always have done.
I'm a one-nation Tory.
I'd like thousands of schools as good as the one I went to, Eton.
My policy on cake is pro having it and pro eating it.
My friends, as I have discovered myself, there are no disasters, only opportunities. And, indeed, opportunities for fresh disasters.
Voting Tory will cause your wife to have bigger breasts and increase your chances of owning a BMW M3.
What has the BBC come to? Toilets, that's what
I don't believe that is necessarily any more dangerous than the many other risky things that people do with their free hands while driving - nose-picking, reading the paper, studying the A-Z, beating the children, and so on.
I think I was once given cocaine but I sneezed so it didn't go up my nose. In fact, it may have been icing sugar.
Putin? Despite looking a bit like Dobby the house-elf, he is a ruthless and manipulative tyrant.
Hilary Clinton has got dyed blonde hair and pouty lips, and a steely blue stare, like a sadistic nurse in a mental hospital.
The meat in the sausage has got to be Conservative.
I dont see why people are so snooty about Channel Five. It has some respectable documentaries about the Second World War. It also devotes considerable airtime to investigations into lap-dancing, and other related and vital subjects
If a constituent came to my MP’s surgery with her face obscured, I should feel fully entitled… to ask her to remove it so that I could talk to her properly. If a female student turned up at school or at a university lecture looking like a bank robber then ditto: those in authority should be allowed to converse openly with those that they are being asked to instruct.
I don’t know what a pint of milk costs. So what?
Why don’t you f*** off and die?
I’m down with the ethnics.
My chances of being PM are about as good as the chances of finding Elvis on Mars, or my being reincarnated as an olive.
The Lib Dems are not just empty. They are a void within a vacuum surrounded by a vast inanition.
Ping-pong was invented on the dining tables of England in the 19th century, and it was called Wiff-waff! And there, I think, you have the difference between us and the rest of the world. Other nations, the French, looked at a dining table and saw an opportunity to have dinner; we looked at it an saw an opportunity to play Wiff-waff.
I can hardly condemn UKIP as a bunch of boss-eyed, foam-flecked Euro hysterics, when I have been sometimes not far short of boss-eyed, foam-flecked hysteria myself.
He's a rather engaging geezer
I've slept with far fewer than 1,000
Exams work because they're scary
A horse is a safer bet than the trains
It is just flipping unbelievable. He is a mixture of Harry Houdini and a greased piglet. He is barely human in his elusiveness. Nailing Blair is like trying to pin jelly to a wall.
Never in my life did I think I would be congratulated by Mick Jagger for achieving anything.
I can’t sit down and negotiate with you on air when you’re holding a gun to Londoners’ head and threatening disruption to the greatest city on earth.

